[breaking] Fix board attach CLI command, and remove gRPC API (#1930)
arduino/arduino-cli: docs/sketch-specification.md

#### `sketch.json`

> Arduino Web Editor use a file named `sketch.json`, located in the sketch root folder, to store sketch metadata. This
> file is not used by the Arduino CLI or the Arduino IDE, if you're not an Arduino Web Editor user you can safely ignore
> it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arduino Web Editor uses a file named `sketch.json`, located in the sketch root folder, to store sketch metadata. This
file is not used by Arduino CLI or Arduino IDE, if you're not an Arduino Web Editor user you can safely ignore the file.
```

- Grammar fix
- Remove some occurrences of "the" (they seemed superfluous to me)
- Make it clear what "it" was referring to (it seemed a little ambiguous to me)
